enter in program
enter in statement
enter in originStatement
enter in expression
exit from expression
enter in expression
exit from expression
exit from originStatement
exit from statement
enter in program
enter in statement
exit from statement
enter in program
enter in statement
exit from statement
enter in program
enter in statement
exit from statement
enter in program
enter in statement
exit from statement
enter in program
enter in statement
enter in rotStatement
enter in expression
exit from expression
exit from rotStatement
exit from statement
enter in program
enter in statement
enter in scaleStatement
enter in expression
enter in expression
exit from expression
exit from expression
enter in expression
exit from expression
exit from scaleStatement
exit from statement
enter in program
enter in statement
enter in forStatement
enter in expression
exit from expression
enter in expression
exit from expression
enter in expression
exit from expression
enter in expression
exit from expression
enter in expression
exit from expression
exit from forStatement
exit from statement
enter in program
enter in statement
enter in forStatement
enter in expression
exit from expression
enter in expression
exit from expression
enter in expression
exit from expression
enter in expression
exit from expression
enter in expression
exit from expression
exit from forStatement
exit from statement
enter in program
enter in statement
enter in forStatement
enter in expression
exit from expression
enter in expression
exit from expression
enter in expression
exit from expression
enter in expression
exit from expression
enter in expression
exit from expression
exit from forStatement
exit from statement
enter in program
exit from program
exit from program
exit from program
exit from program
exit from program
exit from program
exit from program
exit from program
exit from program
exit from program
